uncle
Little, little, little
What happened to Xiaoxiao
It's alright
What's wrong?
The car you went back in today had an accident.
Fortunately, you weren't in a car accident.
Miss 4, what's the matter with you?
My stomach hurts.
Why don't I take you to the hospital first?
You're fine, you go to the park to get the documents
I'll just go to the hospital by myself
Can you do it alone?
Yes, it's alright.
I was going to take that car
But as soon as I got in the car I felt a stomachache
Then I came to the hospital by myself
Maybe the baby feels that his mother is in danger.
You saved your mother's life before you were born
But
Why are they that person's children?
If only he were my child